Rhino sdk validating dir dd (#64)
RhinoHealth/user-resources: examples/rhino-sdk/README.md

# Rhino Health Examples - Rhino SDK

This folder contains examples for interacting with Rhino Health's Federated Computing Platform (FCP) using the Python SDK.

> Each notebook demonstrates how to use the SDK to authenticate your user session, select a project, and perform a variety of federated analytics or compute tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each notebook provides an example using the Rhino SDK to perform a different task e.g., importing datasets from external data sources, data preprocessing, federated analytics, or triggering model training.
```

<br>

# Table of Contents

> - `aggregate_quantile_example.ipynb` - Demonstrates how to calculate federated percentiles with differential privacy using the Rhino Health SDK, including interactive project and dataset selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aggregate_quantile_example.ipynb` - Demonstrate how to calculate federated percentiles with differential privacy using the Rhino SDK
```
